so out of it you're gonna see this
fantastic moon and the moon starts to
get eclipsed as the Eclipse comes across
you're gonna see dr. Vasily a from
princess in the frog brand new villain
fantastic character he takes his fortune
cards and throws up into the lagoon all
the fountains fly up and predict your
future which just happens to be Hellfire
and I'm involved now in a few other
places that we're going to go um this
whole sequence is going to feature live
fire say fire of us point in the show
there's more fire here than any better
show we've ever done in Disney history I
know and it's just going to be very kind
of over-the-top and cool but not too
scared we will feature Chernobyl we are
not showing that that's going to be
another cool effect in the show that's
coming and out of the end of this when
we get into this moment with with the
whole Chernabog sequence there's a fire
has gotten crazy I mean we have 65 foot
flame walls that are moving and fireball
is charging around the lagoon and out of
it everything just stops and the mist
get his ground goes from red and cycles
into this mysterious green and out of it
comes scar and you deceased are moving
and scar starts to back up into the mist
and he disappears and then he basically
says the fossa the urns on the rise and
we end the sequence here in the little
stampeding afternoon
so we're actually gonna do the Stampede
in an elaborate display of water I'm
going to show you part of the sequence
that has just gotten back from Paris
it's very stylized you see it all kind
of come to life you're going to see
10-foot egde built into this so again
it's just kind of the rough combo you'll
get an idea where we're headed the top
man in this video represents the back
screen and the lower video represents
the front screen I will promise you this
is the end version but a monkey
No
and I always wanted to present the show
like that and go at the end and they
would go thanks for coming so this as
you can see this does have a very
dramatic beat in the show because what's
amazing is when you see the stylized
wilderbeest you have to imagine through
the walls of water that are carrying
across the lagoon to you so if you're in
the front row it's higher than the
ceiling you're just going to see these
walls of water just coming at you
because we want to put you in the middle
of the staff feet so you can feel what
it feels like to kind of be in this kind
of intense intense world at the end of
this we completely go to blood and now
that that comes a very very sad moment
we do actually it's actually a beautiful
moment we've actually crafted this in a
way I think will just be wonderful
we call it tears the fears it was the
original concept in the show where we
actually see you fossa and we see little
Simba and behind them come the beautiful
waves of the aurora borealis and we took
that and kept expanding on it and we
took it into this whole idea of family
and what happens is out of this we see
that out of any dramatic moment in our
lives the world around us is always
there to help so you're gonna see Bambi
and the mother you're going to see Dumbo
and the mother
and a whole myriad of just wonderful
wonderful things kind of brought
together and if you're not crying I
thought every time it goes with this the
music is amazing it's absolutely amazing
here and my producers they are here will
contest to it it is jet it's cheer
dropping and that's what we want we want
everybody to feel what you know Disney
kind of brings and from this we end it
with what we call the transformation
you're actually gonna see Val she's over
the beast she says I love you in a kind
of a whole spin around the beef starts
to rise and transform this is
he does the whole world around us starts
to transform we see us leaving you to
get kissed and awakening Snow White gets
kissed been awakened and all the
wonderful transformation all comes at
once and we explode out of it into what
we call the rear the million points of
life and I'm the million points of light
we go into the finale
and the finale truly is what we call the
kaleidoscope of color it will wrap up it
will go crazy it's going to feature just
wonderful wonderful wonderful walls of
water charging and surging and out of
those kaleidoscope come every part of
the show that you've seen all those
wonderful worlds the colorful worlds of
dizzy all come out of the kaleidoscope
and travel to you to say look we're all
here we're all your friends we're all
the wonderful done getting dire things
gonna good I think that's what I don't
want a surprise for you
we do have a signature voice for the
show I hope you like it the clicker
works
has a dream to me so I love Amy Amy has
this beautiful earthy voice and when you
see how the show's built and when you
actually hear the final sound track what
you want here to the opening leadership
you're not going to play a lot of it
that what's wonderful is that she's
going to give it that toe and she's
gonna bring the version wonderful color
that happens at the beginning of the
show so like and a wonderful wonderful
way so we're very very excited about
that that's brand-new you can run out
now just tell everybody cuz no one knows